docs: create lists of implemented components (#540)
AutoResearch/autora: docs/experiment-runner/index.md

Reviewer: This looks great. One suggestion is to drop the argument column. I think that, in this case, we can leave out the formalism.

Author: ah, good call! i was in fact unsure about that but left it for consistency sake as a draft.

# Experiment Runner Overview

AutoRA includes tools for running synthetic and real-world experiments.

![Overview](../img/experiment_runner.png)

For synthetic experiments, these tools consist of ground-truth models from various disciplines that can be used to generate synthetic data. For real-world experiments, these tools consist of (i) experimentation managers, (ii) recruitment managers, and (iii) experiment runners, which combine experimentation managers with recruitment managers. Experimentation managers facilitate communication of conditions and observations between AutoRA and environments in which experiments are hosted. Recruitment managers facilitate recruitment and coordination of study participants.

> Experiment runner tools may take in information about new experimental conditions $\vec{x}' \in X$. The following table includes the various experiment runner tools currently implemented in AutoRA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experiment runner tools may take in information about new experimental conditions or entire experiments. The following table includes the various experiment runner tools currently implemented in AutoRA.
```
